Now for that I will install one extra package in this project with NPM installed Ashutosh safe and that's
redux thunk.
That's a so-called redux middleware which we can call which allows us to change our action creators
here in the actions folder such that we can actually do asynchronous stuff there that we can handle
side effects there so that we can for example send HDP requests in such a action creator and only ones
that HDP requests is done.
We're actually dispatching an action to the redux store because that's important.
Your read ex flow in general needs to be synchronous so you can't wait for some action to complete before
you update your state with redux thunk that changes your reducer still needs to be synchronous.
So no async code must be in here but your action creator can now be asynchronous.
This means that you now can send the request as part of your action creator and only once you're done
with that you actually dispatch the action to the reducer and you'll see this in practice and a second
for example here in create product which is the thing I want to start with.
However to use this new feature we have to enable redux thunk and we do this in the app chars file there
from redux.
You need to import apply middleware and in addition you need to import a new thing and that's redux.
Thank you can names however you want from redux thunk again.
This can be named however you want because we're using the default export of that package.
Now you use that in creates the word there you can parse a second argument and there you should call
apply middleware as a function and to that function pass redux thunk.
This will now basically an able that package which in turn allows us to well do this different thing
in the action creator I was referring to and that different thing is now what will have a look at next.